    https://codepen.io/Jet-1103/pen/zYvxPOQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic html provides meaning to content so it's easier for others to read and understand.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
To build the infrastructure of a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute helps us specify importance of an tag inside of html.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used for the most important heading in html and you should only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. The image tag and the anchor tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the main heading
 
    7. What is an id? It is one of the highest priority specifiers only behind the embedded, inline and external styles. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? any tag

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? ID's are only used once in each html page.

    10. What is a class? Classes are the a importance specifier less important than an ID.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? they can be added to any tag

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by adding an anchor tag with a src attribute connected to the link.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It's used as an alternate image for an image that count be rendered. 

    15. How do I reference an id?#id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. A section tag means the content it possesses is grouped together while a div doesn't really have a mean its just a division.

    17. What is CSS used for? To style the html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. Type the element in css in front of {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class can be used multiple times for different tags but an ID is only used for one tag. So if i had 5 paragraph tags and i wanted to make 3 specific paragraphs font size 22px i would use a class to specify which paragraphs but if i wanted to make one paragraph with a font size of 24px I would use the ID tag for it.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?.class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? the parent selector is  an element with direct descendent elements (children). It's useful when targeting certain elements at certain points in html.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?a selector used when you don't have a set amount of elements but want to style them individually.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform:uppercase, text-transform:lowercase,text-transform:Capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?div{border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? run ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -rf you have to be careful because once its gone you can't get it back.

    34. Why should I use version control? so you can keep track of all the changes you've made

    35. How often should I commit to github? Every time you finish adding something to it

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin <firstname-lastname>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork a repository, add collaborators, clone the repo, open the terminal, git clone, branch the repo, add and commit as necessary, push the changes, add TLs as reviewers and submit pull request. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
